TODO

*analysis*

once all usdt pairs have been tested, plot out the heatmaps again 
for all rsi lengths, and try to make a decision on which settings (length, ob and os)
are optimal. then start forward testing with those settings

* trying to decide how to define a reliable result. a lot of the time when i 
filter out results with less than 30 trades, i am left with lots of settings 
combos with only one or two results to represent them (albeit with more than 
30 trades). so i cant really say that those settings perform well when only one 
pair actually did perform well at those settings. when i reduce the requirement
for min number of trades, i get more results per settings combo, but then of 
course those results are more prone to bias from one or two outlier trades.
there does seem to be a certain part of the spectrum of settings that always
produces the best results, so i might have to start paper trading with those 
settings and go from there. and if i implement fixed risk sizing into the paper 
trading, that should further improve results

try to make a chart with each trade's individual pnl evo plotted and all aligned 
by the moment they were opened. 
look for: 
how much drawdown is normal
if there is a length of time in which winning trades have usually won by (so i 
could set a time-based stop-loss)

try grouping trades by the distance they were from st line at entry, to see if 
certain distances are more likely to produce winning/losing trades


*strategy logic / execution*

try adding obv into the entry conditions to filter out some more bad trades. 
maybe do a 10/20 ema ratio of obv

also try filtering by 24h volume

change the volatility condition so that volatility is measured at the moment 
the trade entry is triggered, not at the start of the test period

rewrite the minimum price condition so it's based on volatility, that way it 
will be equally effective on all timeframes (lower vol requires higher min price)

re-test all the other strats i wrote now that profit is being calculated properly

code up all the entry / exit conditions on google keep and test them

when an rsi trigger signal is imminent, it should be possible to calculate what
price move would be required to get there. this would make it possile to set 
limit orders instead of market orders. it would be difficult to code and would 
change the way i calculate risk, but it might improve the slippage if/when that 
becomes a problem